311 Windsor Contact Centre Metrics

This dataset outlines a number of key performance indicators in the Windsor 311 Contact Centre calculated on a yearly basis.

The data will be updated annually and posted early in the following year

This dataset outlines a number of key performance indicators in the Windsor 311 Contact Centre calculated on a yearly basis. This information is used by 311 for planning and business purposes and provides customers an understanding of the volume of interactions and overall trends.


This set represents data extracted from the Contact Centre phone system as well as through the customer relationship management software.




Calls Answered: A numerical value representing the total number of phone calls answered annually.
Average Answer Delay: A numeric calculation representing the average amount of time waiting in queue prior to live answer
Service Level Target: A numeric value which measures how quickly customers are being served, expressed as a percentage of incoming calls being answered within a specific time frame. The Windsor 311 Service Level Target is 75/45 indicating that the goal is to answer 75% of calls within 45 seconds.
Average Length of Call: A numeric value presented in minutes indicating the average amount of time taken to address a customer telephone interaction.
First Call Resolution Rate: A numeric calculation indicating the percentage of calls that addressed the customers need on the first call thus eliminating the need to transfer that call to another department.
311 Knowledge Base Inquiries: A numeric value representing the number of inquiries categorized where questions were answered or information was provided the customer
311 Service Requests: A numeric value representing the total number of customer initiated or proactive service requests entered in the customer relationship management software
311 Online: A numeric value representing the total number of customer initiated service requests entered through the online channel.
311 Texts: A numeric value representing the total number of customer initiated inquiries received and responded to via the text channel.
11 Email: A numeric value representing the total number of customer initiated inquiries received and responded to via the email channel.
11 Mobile App: A numeric value representing the total number of customer initiated requests received via the Windsor 311 mobile app.

